= Quiz app aplication with microservices

This documentation was developed as part of a programming activity for the <em>Software Design and Architecture</em> course (_Tc3049_), at the Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Estado de México.

== Authors

* *A01748931* <em>Bruno Omar Jimenez Mancilla</em>
* *A01748559* <em>Roberto Castro Barrios</em>

== Directory Structure
    ProyectoArquitecturaSoftware/
              ├─ doc/                        Folder produced by RDoc.
              └─ src/                        Folder for the application’s source code.
                   └─ views/                 Folder for the application’s views (ERB files).
== Installing and Running the Application

To run these project you need Ruby 2.6 or better the {Sinatra}[http://www.sinatrarb.com/] gem installed and the Faraday {Faraday}[https://lostisland.github.io/faraday/] gem. To run the server type the following command at the terminal from the +ProyectoArquitecturaSoftware/src+ directory:

    $ ruby -I . -w WebServer.rb

Then use a web browser to visualize the application with the servers´s URL.

== Overview

For this program we use the <b>4 + 1 View Model</b> which consists of seeing the application in 4 view and some use cases scenarios. 

=== Logical View

The logical view deals with the functionality of the system as it relates to end users. Class diagrams and state diagrams are examples of UML diagrams that are used to represent the logical view.

=== Process View

The process view focuses on the runtime behavior of the system and deals with the dynamic elements of the system. Explains system processes and how they communicate. Concurrency, distribution, integrator, performance, and scalability are covered in the process view. Sequence diagram, communication diagram, and activity diagram are all UML diagrams that can be used to describe a process view.

=== Development View

The development view describes a system from a programmer's point of view and deals with software management. Implementation view is another name for this view. Describe the components of the system using the UML component diagram. The package diagram is one of the UML diagrams used to represent the development view.

=== Physical View

The physical view portrays the system from the perspective of a systems engineer. The physical layer deals with the topology of software components as well as the physical connections between these components. Implementation view is another name for this view. The implementation diagram is one of the UML diagrams used to represent the physical perspective.

=== Scenarios

A small number of use cases, or scenarios, are used to illustrate the architecture description. The sequences of interactions between objects and processes are described in the scenarios. It is used to identify architectural aspects, as well as to demonstrate and evaluate the design of the architecture. They can also be used as a starting point for architectural prototype testing. The use case view is another name for this view.

== References
- \A. Ortiz. <em>ArielOrtiz.info</em> {https://arielortiz.info/apps/s202213/tc3049/programming_microservices/}[https://arielortiz.info/apps/s202213/tc3049/programming_microservices/] Accesed November 10, 2022.

- Sinatra. <em>Sinatra Docs</em> {https://sinatrarb.com}[https://sinatrarb.com] Accessed November 12, 2022.

- Bootstrap. <em>Bootstrap Docs</em> {https://getbootstrap.com}[https://getbootstrap.com] Accessed November 12, 2022.

- Medium. <em>4+1 Architectural view model in Software</em> {https://medium.com/javarevisited/4-1-architectural-view-model-in-software-ec407bf27258}[https://medium.com/javarevisited/4-1-architectural-view-model-in-software-ec407bf27258] Accessed November 13, 2022.

- GeeksForGeeks. <em>Ruby | Array sample() function</em> {https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ruby-array-sample-function/}[https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ruby-array-sample-function/] Accessed November 13, 2022.

- GeeksForGeeks. <em>Ruby – String split() Method with Examples</em> {https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ruby-string-split-method-with-examples/}[https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ruby-string-split-method-with-examples/] Accessed November 13, 2022.
